Introduce documentation for tool integration with package build (#8818)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/source-code-dependencies/package-references.md

  scope =  "<scope-of-the-jar-file>"
  ```

### Tools

You can specify code generation tools to integrate with the package build. These tools execute before the package build and generate code used during the build process.

The following example shows how to specify a tool in the `Ballerina.toml` file.

```toml
[[tool.<command>]]
id = "<tool-id>"
filePath = "<specification-file>"
targetModule = "<generated-code-destination-module>"
options.<option1> = "<value1>"
options.<option2> = "<value2>"
```

The tool command that you need to use should be specified after the `tool.` prefix in the table array header.

> The mandatory `id` field specifies a unique identifier for the tool entry, as there can be multiple entries for the same tool command to generate code for different modules. The `id` can only contain alphanumerics and underscores, but it shouldn't start or end with an underscore, and adjacent underscores are not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mandatory `id` field specifies a unique identifier for the tool entry, as there can be multiple entries for the same tool command to generate code for different modules. The `id` must consist of alphanumeric characters and underscores only, but it must not begin or end with an underscore, and consecutive underscores are not permitted.
```

Author: Resolved with 2f795f00fa5134a4fef3d4a4579efe6d122d2d4f
